manifest: Update Matter revision to pull fixes for NCS 2.4.1 (#11498)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

The following list summarizes the most important changes inherited from the upstream Matter:

> * Fixed an IPC crash on nRF5340 when the Zephyr's Main thread takes a long time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an IPC crash on nRF5340 when Zephyr's main thread takes a long time.
```

> * Added the :kconfig:option:`CHIP_MALLOC_SYS_HEAP_WATERMARKS_SUPPORT` Kconfig option to manage watermarks support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the :kconfig:option:`CHIP_MALLOC_SYS_HEAP_WATERMARKS_SUPPORT` Kconfig option to manage watermark support.
```

Matter samples
--------------

 * :ref:`matter_lock_sample` sample:

>    * Repaired the wrongly set feature map for software diagnostic cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Fixed the feature map for software diagnostic cluster, which was wrongly set.
```

>    * Repaired the wrongly set cluster revision for basic information cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Fixed the cluster revision for basic information cluster, which was wrongly set.
```
